COMP 375 @ USD
Project 5: Internet Jukebox

Update this file so that it contains the following info.
Submissions where this file has not been completed will NOT be accepted (i.e.
will receive a failing grade).

1. Partner 1's FULL Name: Nicolas de la Fuente
   Partner 1's USD Email Address: ndelafuente@sandiego.edu
   Partner 2's FULL Name: Christian Gideon
   Partner 2's USD Email Address: christiangideon@sandiego.edu

2. A typed copy of USD's academic integrity pledge, followed by each partners'
   typed initials (as a way of "signing the pledge.").

   I pledge to demonstrate personal and academic integrity in all matters with
   my fellow students, the faculty, and the administration here at USD. I
   promise to be honest and accountable for my actions; and to uphold the
   statutes of scholastic honesty to better myself and those around me.

   N.E.D. and C.R.G.

3. The estimated number of hours spent working on the project.
   Break this down into three categories:
		- Time spent partner 1 spent working alone: 30 mins
		- Time spent partner 2 spent working alone: 1 hour
		- Time spent working together: 15-20 hours

4. A list of missing features and/or known bugs.
		- If a command other than play is sent by the client while a song is
		  playing, the client begins interpreting the song as a text response.
		- The client does not know when a song ends naturally

5. Did you need to spend a project buck on this project to get a one week
   deadline extension? (y/n)

   yes

6. Any feedback you with to give me relating the project (e.g. Was it
   interesting? How could it be improved?)

	The project was very interesting! A little more guidance on the protocol
	might have helped, but I do see the benefit in seeing exactly why headers
	are necessary. I liked the aspect of having to create both the client and
	the server. Additionally, I did not appreciate being rickrolled, over and
	over again as we were trying to debug (I lie, I actually started to enjoy
	it). Also I loved the song choices, you chose an interesting variety :)
